update systemd docs (#799)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/getting-started/running/index.md

weight: 4
---

## Falco packages

If you installed the Falco packages using the `dialog` all your services should be already up and running, while if you chose the `Manual configuration` or if you used the `FALCO_FRONTEND=noninteractive` env variable you have to configure services by your hand. Here we show a simple example with the `eBPF probe`.

Let's imagine we want to start the `falco-bpf.service`.

1. Type `systemctl list-units | grep falco` to check that no unit is running.

> 2. Now you have to decide if you want the Falcoctl service running together with the Falco one or not. If yes you don't have to do anything, if no you have to mask the Falcoctl service with `systemctl mask falcoctl-artifact-follow.service`. As said [in this section](../installation.md#rule-update) the Falcoctl service is strictly related to the Falco one so if you don't mask it, it will be started together with the Falco service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Now you have to decide whether you want the Falcoctl service running together with the Falco one. If yes you don't have to do anything, else you will need to mask the Falcoctl service with `systemctl mask falcoctl-artifact-follow.service`. As pointed out [in this section](../installation.md#rule-update) the Falcoctl service is strictly related to the Falco one so if you don't mask it, it will be started together with the Falco service.
```

3. Type `falco-driver-loader bpf` to download/compile the BPF probe.

4. Now running `systemctl start falco-bpf.service` and typing `systemctl list-units | grep falco` you should see something like that (supposing we didn't mask the Falcoctl service):

    ```text
    falco-bpf.service                                 loaded active running   Falco: Container Native Runtime Security with ebpf
    falcoctl-artifact-follow.service                  loaded active running   Falcoctl Artifact Follow: automatic artifacts update service
    ```

5. If you want to stop both services in one shot

    ```bash
    systemctl stop falco-bpf.service
    ```

### Custom run

> You may have noticed a Falco unit called `falco-custom.service`. You should use it when you want to run Falco with a custom configuration like a plugin or Gvisor. Please note that in this case you have to modify this template according to how you want to run Falco, the unit cannot be used as it is!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may have noticed a Falco unit called `falco-custom.service`. You should use it when you want to run Falco with a custom configuration like a plugin or Gvisor. Please note that in this case you have to modify this template according to how you want to run Falco, the unit should not be used as is!
```
